hey folks
let me show you what I'm going to be
using this deer season have a rage this
is the two blade
have it set up this to the practice
arrow right here they give you so
doesn't actually have sharp razor edges
seen here is extremely sharp here it is
right here
get that focused I like it because it's
got the cut on impact tip right here and
these reasons they don't fail to open
but just say hypothetically if they did
this is going to cut so you're at least
gonna have some wound damage I
definitely like to cut on impact I think
that's important you know and there's a
lot a lot of people it's a pretty hotly
debated topic mechanical broadheads or
fixed broadheads this would be my first
year trying a mechanical broadhead I've
heard really good things about the rage
excellent things so I'm looking forward
to trying it and I wanted to show you I
don't know if this experiment is gonna
work here but I kind of wanted to show
you how they open all right so let's do
a little demonstration here I'm gonna
try to do this without cutting my hand
so the blade enters the deer put the cut
on impact and let me try not to sever my
hand there we go
now see how the arrow is just the the
blades just popped open that was a the
rage was one of the first fixed or
excuse me mechanical brought has to do
that so that when it hits it has to open
there's no other way for it to go
through it has to open so and this is
cardboard I really don't want to dull my
blade so I'm not gonna go all the way
through but you see how fast that open
now these here they will not they will
not pass through it out to cutting I
mean they have to cut to get through
that's just the way you know the this is
the way it's gonna work so and as you
see here this is like a two-inch cut
this wound channel here it's huge it's
gonna be a huge wound channel that's
gonna do a lot of damage
and even if it doesn't open perfect and
it will but this this cardboard here is
a lot harder than going through soft
tissue but just say hypothetically it
didn't no matter how it goes through it
you know whether it be like this or in
any angle it's gonna do a lot of cutting
but it's it's you know probably 99.9 the
time is gonna go through and it's fully
open State and it's gonna cut you're
gonna have a good blood trail big hole a
lot of bleeding nasty a lot of nasty
that's going on there so like this one
here's a it's a hundred grain they have
a three blade they have different
weights you know depending on what you
shoot miles are himself shoot a hundred
green so I'm sure you've probably seen a
lot of commercials for him but it's kind
of wanted to show you firsthand so have
any questions let me know
Semper Fi
you